Carroll knows a little kill my mother
told me not to stare into the Sun max
Cohen is searching for order in a world
of chaos 1102 eyebrow we state my
assumptions one mathematics is the
language of nature to everything around
us can be represented and understood
through numbers 3 to graph the numbers
of any system patterns emerge therefore
there are patterns everywhere in nature
his discovery will uncover truths we can
understand the code sent to us from God
unravel mysteries we thought were
impossible
this isn't solid fema or maybe it's
genius and unleash an evil we never
expected your only of the soul from our
God you are carrying a delivery that was
meant for us it was given to me artisan
entertainment there's you to go on a
journey
kind of a genius who will push the
limits of your imagination to unlock the
secrets of the universe so folks critics
are calling hi mesmerizing brilliant
fascinating and a five-star achievement
winner of the 1998 Sundance Film
Festival directing award it's a dead end
they're nodding their adore song who
taught me that pie
a film by Darren Aronofsky it's just a
number